So, if there's no other comments, it looks like we're all in agreement.
Mario will take over Fort Thomas at the Field Service Group over here.
And I think that's the last item.
So maybe Brother Leon, could you offer the closing prayer?
Or Father Jehovah.
Mario? Seriously?
He's practically a kid.
He's barely been serving a year.
Sure. He gives a good talk.
But he's not ready for this kind of responsibility.
That's an assignment I definitely have the experience for.
And now I'm stuck being his assistant.
This is going to be a mess.
Still disappointed?
Just doesn't make sense.
If it makes you feel any better, I think you'd have done great in that assignment.
Thanks.
But give Mario a chance.
Okay. I will.
With time, I saw exactly why Mario was being used like this.
I just had to be patient and check my ego so I could see what Jehovah sees.
And appreciate the privileges I do have.